W-14793968 Feature/w 14793968 oms (#115)
mulesoft/docs-accelerators: salesforce-oms/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/anypoint-partner-manager-setup-guide.adoc

= Anypoint Partner Manager Setup Guide

> Please refer to the APM setup postman collection provided in the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/997d5e99-287f-4f68-bc95-ed435d7c5797/accel-b2b-common-resources-src/[Accelerators B2B Common Resources] asset that automates the setup and configuration for Anypoint Partner Manager (APM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure Anypoint Partner Manager, follow the instructions on the postman collection in the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/997d5e99-287f-4f68-bc95-ed435d7c5797/accel-b2b-common-resources-src/[Accelerators B2B Common Resources] asset.
```

|devx.envid |The ID of the environment in the Anypoint organization.

|partner_x12_isa_identifier_value |The value of the partner identifier type X12-ISA-ZZ. This example uses "ORANGE".

|partner_reference_id_identifier_value |The value of the partner identifier type Reference ID. This example uses "ORANGE".

|partner_x12_gs_identifier_type_value |The value of the partner identifier type X12 - GS. This example uses "ORANGE".

|host_x12_isa_identifier_value |The value of the host identifier type X12-ISA-ZZ. This example uses "MYTHICAL".

|host_reference_id_identifier_value |The value of the host identifier type Reference ID. This example uses "MYTHICAL".

|host_x12_gs_identifier_type_value |The value of the host identifier type X12 - GS. This example uses "MYTHICAL".

|b2b_orders_process_api_host_name |The host name of the B2B Orders Process API.

|b2b_orders_prc_api_orders_path |The URI path for Orders in the B2B Orders Process API.

|b2b_storage_sys_api_host_name |The host name of the B2B Storage System API.

> |b2b_erp_prc_api_host_name |The host name of the ERP Process API. This example uses B2B Simulator Process API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|b2b_erp_prc_api_host_name |The host name of the ERP Process API. This example uses the B2B Simulator Process API.
```

> |b2b_erp_prc_api_invoices_path |The URI path for Invoices in the ERP Process API. This example uses B2B Simulator Process API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|b2b_erp_prc_api_invoices_path |The URI path for Invoices in the ERP Process API. This example uses the B2B Simulator Process API.
```

|b2b_orders_prc_api_payments_path |The URI path for Payments in the B2B Orders Process API.

> |b2b_erp_prc_api_acknowledgements_path |The URI path for Acknowledgments in the ERP Process API. This example uses B2B Simulator Process API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|b2b_erp_prc_api_acknowledgements_path |The URI path for Acknowledgments in the ERP Process API. This example uses the B2B Simulator Process API.
```
